
		      Copyright and License Statement

		   Copyright (c) 1998-2001 Yun-Tung Lau

Copyright in this document and the software accompanying this document is
owned by Yun-Tung Lau.  All rights reserved.


License

Yun-Tung Lau grants you ("Licensee") a non-exclusive, royalty free,
license to use, modify and redistribute this software in source and binary
code form, provided that the software is used for educational purposes
only.


Exclusion and Disclaimer

This software is provided "as is", without a warranty of any kind.  All
express or implied conditions, representations and warranties, including
any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose
or non-infringement, are hereby excluded.  Yun-Tung Lau shall not be
liable for any damages suffered by licensee as a result of using,
modifying or distributing the software or its derivatives. In no event
will Yun-Tung Lau be liable for any lost revenue, profit or data, or for
direct, indirect, special, consequential, incidental or punitive damages,
however caused and regardless of the theory of liability, arising out of
the use of or inability to use the software.

This software is not designed for use in high risk activities requiring
fail-safe performance.  In particular, this software is not designed or
intended for use in on-line control of aircraft, air traffic, aircraft
navigation or aircraft communications; or in the design, construction,
operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility.  Yun-Tung Lau disclaims
any express or implied warranty of fitness for high risk activities.
Licensee represents and warrants that it will not use or redistribute the
software for such purposes.


Restricted Rights Legend

The Licensed Software and documentation is a "commercial item," as defined in
48 C.F.R. 2.101 (10/95), consisting of "commercial computer software" and
"commercial computer software documentation," as defined in
48 C.F.R. 12.212 (9/95).  Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S.
Government is subject to the restrictions of U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS
consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through
227.7202-4 (6/95).


Trademarks

Java and Enterprise JavaBeans are trademarks or registered trademarks of
Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Netscape is a trademark of Netscape Communications Corporation. All
other product names mentioned are the trademarks of their respective
owners.
