
getname

# remove all first and then build the list
removeallparts

addpart resistorList
getpart resistorList

addcomponent resistor1
getcomponent resistor1

addattribute partNumber 123 ""
addattribute resistance 5.6 Ohm
addattribute power 0.10 W
addattribute length 12.0 mm
getattributes

addcomponent fake

# try something not there
getcomponent ABC

removecomponent fake
getcomponents

# navigate back to top level
getpart resistorList
getparts

addcomponent resistor2
getcomponent resistor2
addattribute partNumber 325 ""
addattribute resistance 12.6 Ohm
addattribute power 0.2 W
addattribute length 16.0 mm

# show the whole tree
getpartdatas


removeattribute power
addattribute power_level 3 W

getattribute power_level
getattribute power
getattributedatas

addcomponent connector
getcomponent connector
addattribute length 3.4 cm

getpart resistorList
getcomponent resistor2
getcomponentdatas

quit

